
OVERVIEW

Configuration files can bet written in XML, YAML, JSON, Apache-style,
or INI format.  These examples will be in INI format.

Configuration consists of a global section, followed by one section
for each "group".  A group is a collection of filesystems that should
*not* be backed up in parallel.  Replication of each group proceeds in
parallel, but with a group only one filesystem is backed up at a time.

GROUP CONFIGURATION

      [group:depot]
      source=rpool/zones/depot/tank/*
      remote_host=recon.pobox.com
      target=rpool/zones/recon/tank
      snapshot_name=mjd-%Y%m%d

Group sections should be named "group:<name>".  The name is for human
consumption only.  It appears in log messages.  

A group must have at least one source.  Each source names one or more
filesystems that will be replicated.  The source may end with a *,
which is taken as a wildcard.  At present, * is only supported at the
end of the source path.  At present, multiple sources per group are
not supported.

The remote_host is the name of the zone onto which the snapshots will
be copied.  The target is the filesystem path onto which the snapshots
will be copied.

The snapshot_name is the format to use for snapshot names.  It
supports %x-escapes as described in strftime(3).  Additionally, the
escape "%i" is an abbreviation for "%Y%m%d%H%M%S".

       retire_after=(never)

Destroy old snapshots when they are this old.  The argument has the
form 37s, 37m, 37h, 37d.  Just "37" means "37s".

       max_count=(all)

The maximum number of snapshots to keep for each filesystem in this
group.  If there are more than this many, the oldest will be
discarded, even if they are not older than the retirement age.   The
default is to only destroy snapshots that are older than the
retirement age.

       frequency=10s

How often to create snapshots for this group.  The default is to
create them very frequently.  The argument format is the same as
retire_after.  

       test_mode=0

In test mode, snapshots will not actually be destroyed.

GLOBAL CONFIGURATION

Any group configuration directive can appear in the global section,
where it becomes the default for all groups.  This is probably most
useful for the snapshot_name option.

       home=/

Home directory.  The daemon will run in this directory; relative paths
in the configuration file will be interpreted relative to this
directory.

       bin=$home/bin

Extra path to search for executables.  This is principally used to
locate zfs-ssh, which is the wrapper command used for executing ssh,
but it will also be searched for any other remote commands run by
zfs-mgr.  You may supply multiple paths separated by colons.  The
default is the 'bin' subdirectory of whatever the 'home' directory is.

       pid_file=/var/run/zfs-mgr.pid

Where to put the pid file.

       ssh_command=ssh -o ConnectionAttempts=2 -o ConnectTimeout=10 -o BatchMode=yes

This is unimplemented at present.

       libdirs=dir1:dir2:...

These directories are searched first for plugin modules.
